How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Lookig for a bugg is usually a hard isue, because it is not an error that the ide heps you to find, 
it usually is a problem with the logic, and the only trace you have is the software does not work properly. 

I've never used control versions but I make the effort of learning it because I hope to improve the efficiency 
of my coding. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    viewing the history of the file the creator can control the evolution of the development

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Creating a manually commit allows more control of the file. When a logiacal 
    motification is done is a good point to meke a commit. It is not necessary to
    commit probes or not goods tries. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because in a software program is common to hava multiples files, over all if 
    we work in POO, while Google Docs is usuall to have one file for all the work

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    command git log is for viewing the history of sequential commits, with its id,
    short description and date of the modification.

    command git diff shows in detail the differences between two sequential commits


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If you break somthing is not catastrophic because you can go back to a previous 
    commit and retrive a previous version

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

   I will work whit it by sure.

Otra prueba de como funcionan los directorios.
Vamos ahora a cambiar el archivo para probar git status